feat(curriculum): add Movie Ticket Booking Calculator workshop to Python cert (#64866)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-movie-ticket-booking-calculator/6960a5165f7efe52a0c0aa39.md

---
id: 6960a5165f7efe52a0c0aa39
title: Step 9
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-9
---

# --description--

In Python, the `and` operator is used to check if multiple conditions are `True`. Here's how you can use it to combine two conditions in an `if` statement:

```py
if condition1 and condition2:
    # Code to execute if all conditions are True
```

The membership discount should only apply to members if their `age` is greater than or equal to `21`.

Use the `and` operator to combine the existing condition of your `if` statement with another condition checking if `age` is greater than or equal to `21`.

# --hints--

> The if statement conditions should be `is_member and age >= 21`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your third `if` statement condition should be `is_member and age >= 21`.
```
